## ephemyral

Ephemyral is an AI-powered CLI application for managing coding tasks that leverage machine learning models.

### Synopsis

Ephemyral is an AI-powered CLI application designed to streamline and optimize various software development tasks with the help of machine learning. By leveraging large language models, Ephemyral provides a set of robust commands that simplify building, testing, and managing development workflows. This tool is tailored for software engineers, data scientists, and anyone managing software projects.

### Options

```
      --config string   config file (default is $HOME/.ephemyral.yaml)
  -h, --help            help for ephemyral
```

### SEE ALSO

* [ephemyral build](ephemyral_build.md)	 - Use AI to intelligently generate and execute a build commands for the specified directory, optimizing for performance and efficiency.
* [ephemyral create](ephemyral_create.md)	 - Employ a language model to generate new code files based on a natural language prompt. If the file path is a directory, it generates multiple AI-crafted files.
* [ephemyral docs](ephemyral_docs.md)	 - Generate and execute commands to create documentation, enhancing your codebase's maintainability.
* [ephemyral init](ephemyral_init.md)	 - Initialize a new .ephemyral file for AI-generated configurations, setting up the environment in a directory.
* [ephemyral lint](ephemyral_lint.md)	 - Use machine learning models to generate and execute a lint commands, improving code quality by identifying patterns and anomalies.
* [ephemyral refactor](ephemyral_refactor.md)	 - Utilize an advanced LLM to refactor a give file or all files in a provided directory based on prompts, outputting, building and testing the improved code.
* [ephemyral test](ephemyral_test.md)	 - Deploy AI models to generate and run optimized test commands for the specified directories, enhancing test accuracy and efficiency.

###### Auto generated by spf13/cobra on 2-May-2024
